[Vanessa] Previously on
Penny Dreadful...
Your wife took her own life.
That doesn't seem like her.
It's like he doesn't care.
[Sembene] When he found
his son dead, I was there.
This is not him.
- Maybe he just needs time.
- This... is not him.
[Madame Kali] I banished
the old bear to the cave
and lured out the cub.
I feel like a new man.
[Madame Kali]
Only Miss Ives matters.
Time comes when the spider
must touch the fly.
[Rusk] "Whodunit?"
- [Ethan] Inspector.
- [Rusk] Mr. Chandler.
[whispering]
I know you're involved.
- And your proof?
- I'll find it.
I always find it.
I need to leave.
London isn't safe.
I'll go with you.
Enough. Whatever power
you held over me
at the moment of
my bestial creation is gone.
I will see her.
She thinks you were her fiance
before the "accident"
that robbed her of her memory.
Let us start by being friends,
Mr. Clare. I can do no other.
To my dear Angelique.
And a special welcome
to Miss Frankenstein.
Cheers.
[Lily]
My cousin is protective.
I don't think you need
much protection.
You are more capable
than you perhaps appear.
[Lily breathing heavily]
[gasping]
Learn the unknown English words
of this movie at www.skeebdo.com
[Lily humming]
[sighing]
[chuckling]
You're a very silly boy.
That's what I like about you.
Men should always
remain boys at heart.
Filled with childish games,
with Snakes and Ladders
and blindman's bluff.
How sad that boys feel
they must grow up.
[breathes deeply]
You'll never grow up now.
[humming]
♪
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
[gasping]
- [Mr. Clare] Where is she?
- What?
Where is Lily?
[continues gasping]
- Where is she?
- [bucket clatters]
[retching]
She's not here?
You let her go out
with a man by herself.
- [grunts] What have you done?
- Stop it!
Just stop! Give me a moment.
[gasping]
She... Yes, she went out.
She was meant
to come home and...
[exclaiming]
[breathing heavily]
You made her for me.
[Frankenstein whimpers]
She is mine.
She is not yours.
She is not his.
She is mine.
I will take her!
[Frankenstein grunts]
And when we are gone,
far away from this place
to a place
for she and me alone,
I will return... Creator.
I will return to you.
One day...
one night...
I will show you the monster
you have made.
[junior inspector]
Sir, you should see this.
Inspector Galsworthy's
appointment book
from last year.
Note the listing
for September 27.
Why would Sir Malcolm Murray
of all people
visit Scotland Yard?
That's what I thought,
so I did a bit of digging
into the records.
Seems I've a call to make.
[Lyle]
I gave that up long ago.
It was too embarrassing.
Forever trying to remain fit
with rubdowns
and medicine balls
and glandular injections,
while always around me
there were more handsome men
who had the thrill
of genuine youth.
Guardsmen in shining uniforms
and stable hands
with thick arms.
Yes.
[Madame Kali chuckles]
I admit to vanity about
my complexion and hair color.
What harm there, really?
Do I render myself foolish?
Well, hang a man for that
and it'll be
a very crowded gallows.
But then there's you.
Quite a different paean
to youth we sing there.
Well, we will sing it,
won't we?
Oh, yes.
The sword you dangle
over my head would cut deeply.
You don't imagine you care
for those people?
For Miss Ives and that
sorry lot at Grandage Place?
I have long since given up
caring for anyone.
Very sensible.
Your future...
rests entirely with me,
my dear friend.
Whatever you desire,
the Master can give you.
You don't need to tempt me,
I'm your creature.
Where are Miss Ives
and Mr. Chandler?
I don't know.
She wouldn't say.
- When will they return?
- I've no idea.
Does Mr. Chandler love her?
Do you?
[scoffs]
- Does she love him?
- She's opaque.
And you've absolutely no idea
where they've run off to?
None.
[gasps fearfully]
- Are you telling me the truth?
- Yes.
I can feel your blood pumping.
The most minute pressure
and the artery is open to me.
Your blood would paint
this room.
[shuddering]
Ah.
I know you're not lying.
You always bat your eyelashes
most coquettishly
when you lie.
[chuckles]
Ah, well, then, [sighs]
if Miss Ives
has gone to ground,
I shall have to lure her back.
Kiss me and go.
I'm bored with you.
No.
[Lyle gasps]
You taste like
a fat little man.
[breathing shakily]
- [Lyle yelps]
- What did she say?
Ask her yourself.
I am not so sentimental
as my mother.
Where is the future, Mr. Lyle?
With her age or my youth?
Whatever she promises you
is a lie.
Whatever I promise you
is a lie
but you'll live longer
with me.
Now... tell me
about Mr. Chandler.
[young Mina]
Did you catch one?
[young Peter]
In Africa? Really?
- [knocking at door]
- Come in.
There's a gentleman here
for you...
from Scotland Yard.
How do you do, Sir Malcolm?
My name is
Inspector Bartholomew Rusk,
Scotland Yard.
Inspector, to what
do I owe the pleasure?
You have a martial sense
in decoration, Sir Malcolm.
Apparently, I do.
Please, take a seat.
What can I do for you,
Inspector?
Are you interested
in criminology?
What? No. Not especially.
- No?
- No.
[Rusk] I didn't mean it
as an insinuation of any sort.
Many people are intrigued by
the morbid events in our city.
Why are you here, Inspector?
I should like to know why
you visited Scotland Yard
on September the 27th
last year
to speak with
my predecessor...
Inspector Galsworthy.
Oh, yes, that.
Rather whimsical
sort of thing actually.
- What did you talk about?
- I barely remember.
I spoke to him an hour ago.
You asked him about
the Spitalfields murders.
You were quite insistent
that he...
"Stop hunting for a man
and start hunting
for a beast."
Why would you say that?
I don't recall.
The whole thing was, um...
[clears throat] a caprice.
- A caprice?
- Something like that.
You don't seem...
- a capricious man.
- Don't I?
You have a tripod of rifles
at your window.
Well, can't I decorate
my own house as I see fit?
Any way you like.
- Do you live here alone?
- What?
No. I have...
a ward and my man Sembene.
- Other servants?
- No.
In a house this large?
We make do.
You have a front door
made of steel.
There have been robberies
in the neighborhood.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
That door could
keep out a beast,
wouldn't you say?
Inspector Rusk,
I'm not to be trifled with.
You filed a missing persons report
on June 12th last year.
Your daughter, Mina.
Yes.
You visited Scotland Yard
7 times in the next 6 weeks.
- And then you stopped coming.
- Yes.
Might I ask why?
My daughter's deceased.
I know.
I have the burial records
from Margate,
dated January the 4th.
But there was
no death certificate filed
with the Magistrate.
It was a private affair.
There are no private burials
in this country, sir.
Title or not.
The circumstances of her death
were embarrassing
to my family,
I used my influence
to ensure discretion.
That is illegal.
She was my daughter.
Well, many people have
daughters and obey the law.
Well, I didn't!
You know him.
- No.
- Look closely.
American.
6'3", I would say.
Means nothing.
Is he a suspect?
You're sure
you don't recognize him?
Entirely sure.
Are you confident
in that answer?
Would you like
to summon a lawyer
and take a deposition?
In time.
Should you come
across anything
that would aid
in our investigation,
don't hesitate
to stop by Scotland Yard.
You know the way.
Good day, Sir Malcolm.
- [door slams]
- [Lily] Victor!
[breathing heavily]
- Where have you been?
- I'm so sorry.
I know you must
have been worried.
You'll hardly believe it.
- What happened to my curtains?
- Lily, where have you been?
First, kiss me good morning
like my true friend
and calm yourself.
[chuckles]
I had a most entertaining
evening with Mr. Gray.
We went to a waxworks.
Have you ever been
to one of those?
- Yes.
- Well, after that...
I just felt like taking a walk
and I completely
lost track of time.
Finally, I got so tired that
I sat on a bench in Hyde Park
to rest my feet and... [sighs]
next thing I knew
it was morning.
I could have been murdered
in my sleep.
Did you get me flowers?
Victor, you are such
a good friend.
They're not from me.
[chuckles]
From Mr. Gray, I take it?
What a strange
sort of man he is.
Isn't he though?
He's awfully charming...
but I think a little
too sophisticated for me.
Lily.
We should think about
getting away.
- Away where?
- I don't know.
Leave London.
- Take a bit of a holiday.
- Nonsense.
I'm just getting
used to the place,
and you have so much more
to teach me, don't you?
I'm safe... here with you.
This is our home.
Now...
if I know my boy, he hasn't
thought about breakfast.
[exhales sharply]
I'll make your favorite
poached eggs.
'Cause you're so good.
[chuckles]
Wait.
Don't bother about breakfast.
I'm going out.
[Lily] All right.
Can you bring back
some butter and eggs?
We're running low.
Yes.
It was the veins in my arms
that told me.
When they collapse,
you have to find fresh ones.
I'm running short.
So I'm addicted.
Which is no great terror
to me...
but the cause...
Pain.
I don't have the proper tools
to perform this operation.
I don't know what
I'm doing...
honestly.
Oh, we're all neophytes
in love, Victor.
None of us have the tools,
or the weapons,
or the resources.
Prepared as we think we are,
we're defeated.
[scoffs]
I have surmounted in my life.
It's been my inexorable
pattern of behavior.
No mystery too deep...
no puzzle too complex.
They've fallen before me.
I don't know what wisdom
I can offer.
We're in the same
unknown jungle, my friend.
We have to thrash
our way out alone.
Isn't that what love is?
And if we're in danger of
losing that love, and that...
creates greater panic still,
what do we do then?
We suffer in our own ways.
But we're all unequal
to the task.
We are...
enchanted.
All my life, I've been a man
who sought
singular achievement
and fed on rage
and dissatisfaction.
My character was one of
monomaniacal anger.
My blood thrilled to the lash.
I was cruel to my wife,
and to my children,
and grew more famous
in the process...
more myself.
And now?
I've become alienated
from the cruel man
who used to look back at me
in the mirror.
What is this face, Doctor?
Is it the one you knew,
and properly feared?
I've... seen you grow content.
You've seen me grow
into a happy man.
But look deeper.
That's not who I am.
This thing divorces us
from our wits and our dignity.
Our purest instincts
are undone.
We become strangers
to ourselves.
[sighs]
But it can't go on forever.
Finally, we must look
in the mirror.
On the day
of my wife's funeral...
I was dancing at a ball.
Who is that man, Doctor?
[chanting in demonic language]
[chanting continues]
[heart pounding]
[exhales deeply]
So, it seems
our narrative is complete.
What we speak of now,
we whisper.
It cannot leave this room.
Very well.
I shall conclude the tale,
with emendations to follow.
This is what
you've heard so far.
"In the great war for
the Heavenly Throne,
we were vanquished,
so God looked down
on His defeated angels
and found us to be
evil angels,
so He cast us out.
He took us by our winged backs
and raised us over His head.
Thence did He fling us
from His Heavenly Throne
and cast us down, to Earth
and to Hell. So we were..."
And now the rest of the tale.
"So we were cleaved apart...
two brothers cast out
to two realms.
One brother to Earth
and the other brother to Hell.
And thus were we set
in eternal enmity.
My brother on Earth,
to feed on the blood
of the living by night.
And myself in Hell to feed
on the souls of the dead.
Both in an eternal quest
for the Mother of Evil
who will release us
from our bondage
and allow one of us
to reconquer Heaven
and topple God
from his bloody throne.
And so will the Darkness
reign, on Earth, in Heaven...
everlasting."
And so comes the Apocalypse.
Two brothers?
Apparently,
Lucifer isn't an only child.
And like many brothers,
they don't get along.
One brother cast to Earth.
Is that the vampire Master
that captured Mina?
And all those he creates
in his image.
He tried to lure Vanessa
through Mina.
- While the other brother...
- Lucifer, banished to Hell.
Tried to possess her soul...
and failed.
So now he makes use of
the witches to do his bidding.
[Sembene] Why her?
Why Miss Vanessa?
There are old prophesies
from prehistory
that tell of such
chosen ministers of evil.
Amunet from the Egyptians,
Lilith from the Talmud,
the Nordic Hella,
- the Celtic Macha.
- [Madame Kali chanting spell]
[Lyle] Mara from the Hindus.
All variations of deities
or demigods who were destined
to unleash annihilation
on the world.
And all women.
Something thought unholy
in the erotic power
- they held over men.
- [Madame Kali moaning]
[Madame Kali
continues chanting]
[gasping]
And to face this
titanic threat to Miss Ives,
we four and Mr. Chandler.
And... perhaps another.
[Madame Kali
continues chanting]
The mystery guest
at the party.
Only referred to here
obliquely as...
the Hound of God.
- Hound of God?
- Yes, or something very like.
I think this figure is
a threat to the Demon's plans.
Now the specific taxonomy
- is rather...
- Hmm.
In the Arabic,
it's not "hound"...
It's "wolf."
[speaking demonic language]
[rumbling]
[Madame Kali chanting loudly
in demonic voice]
[in demonic voice]
You children.
Meet your Master.
[grunting]
[Sembene] Malcolm!
No!
Stop!
[both grunting]
[speaking Lingala]
[grunting]
[panting]
Know who you are!
♪
Remember?
Remember.
Mina?
Father. [laughs]
[both laughing]
Hello, Father.
Peter.
- You're looking very smart.
- I try my best.
Are you going
to favor us with a dance?
I just might.
Come on, Mina, let's show
the old man how it's done.
[sighs contentedly]
♪
[laughs]
Good night, husband.
What happy days
we have known.
[heart pounding]
[Madame Kali chanting
in demonic language]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting frustratedly]
[Hecate] What's happened?
He released himself
from the enchantment.
You lost your power over him?
Perhaps you're
not as desirable
as you thought, Mother.
Should I try?
You think you have that skill?
We have to do something.
[Madame Kali scoffs]
Such a baby.
We need do nothing.
A man's character
is always his destiny.
And now
Sir Malcolm is himself again.
He is full of anger...
and will strike back.
And so he will come...
- in all his manly rage.
- And then?
- You shall see.
- Tell me now.
Careful, child.
You grow impertinent.
You grow old.
- [Madame Kali growling]
- [gasps]
Never forget who commands.
[Hecate screams]
[Hecate panting]
[Madame Kali] And so
my chivalrous knight...
will come.
[machine whirring]
♪
Dinner with
Miss Frankenstein again?
You don't mind terribly?
Would it matter if I did?
♪
[music stops]
[door creaking]
[Sembene] Sir Malcolm?
Sir Malcolm has gone.
We need to find Miss Ives
and Mr. Chandler.
[Madame Kali laughing]
[screaming]
[growling]
So...
you've discovered my secret.
Forever unchanging.
My sins made manifest
only here.
At times, I've deceived myself
into thinking, uh...
I'm other than this.
Don't we all want to
paint ourselves
into something...
better than we are?
But that...
is who I truly am, Angelique.
Can you accept me as I am?
Can you love me?
Yes.
[gulps]
[gasps]
[choking]
I don't think you can.
[Lily] Mmm.
- [floorboards creaking]
- [Lily gasps]
Mr. Clare, you startled me.
I don't... I don't think
it's entirely proper
that you should be here
without Victor.
Perhaps you should
come back another time.
Why are you so quiet?
You're never usually
at a loss for words.
Aren't there some verses
you could recite?
Stop pretending
you're frightened.
[voice shuddering]
Please leave.
Who are you?
What... What do you mean?
Honestly, I think
you're more able
to answer
that question than I.
My past is unknown to me,
as well you know.
Is it?
[Lily]
What are you talking about?
[Mr. Clare]
Did you enjoy your evening?
What?
With that young man.
Were you spying on me?
Did you enjoy your evening?
Yes, I did. Now, please leave.
This behavior is
really insupportable!
- When Victor hears of this...
- There is no Victor!
- [Lily gasps]
- There is no young man!
- There is thee and me!
- All right! Very well!
What in God's name
do you want of me?
What I want I cannot have.
You're incapable of it.
Yes, I know.
You want to walk
in the village
and hold my hand.
And when people are cruel,
you want me to love you
even more.
Do I hurt you?
[Lily scoffs]
You pathetic creature.
How can you imagine
that I could care for you?
Does that face
belong alongside this?
Doesn't the world smile on us?
Don't we make
a beautiful couple,
"thee and me"?
Shall we wander the pastures
and recite
your fucking poetry
to the fucking cows?
You are blind...
like all other men.
And you are unlike
all other women.
[both grunt]
You tell me how.
We flatter our men
with our pain.
We bow before them.
We make ourselves dolls
for their amusement.
We lose our dignity in corsets
and high shoes
and gossip
and the slavery of marriage!
And our reward
for this service?
[voice breaking]
The back of the hand...
the face
turned to the pillow...
the bloody, aching cunt
as you force us onto your beds
to take your
fat, heaving bodies!
[crying]
You drag us into the alleys,
my lad,
and cram yourselves
into our mouths for two bob
when you're
not beating us senseless!
When we're not bloody
from the eyes,
and the mouth, and the ass
and the cunt!
[Mr. Clare grunting]
[both panting]
Never again...
will I kneel to any man.
Now they shall kneel to me.
As you do, monster.
[trembling]
My monster.
My beautiful corpse.
How clever he's been,
our creator.
But our little god...
has brought forth
not angels...
but demons.
Thee and me.
And what should we do
with this power, undead thing?
You're a thoughtful man,
a philosopher even.
So tell me, why do we exist?
Why have we been chosen?
Tell me.
I don't know.
Is it to suffer?
Yes.
Must it be?
How can it be other?
We long
for that we cannot have.
Women?
I'll bring you a dozen.
We'll fuck 'em together.
Me?
Then you shall have me.
I want you.
[Mr. Clare shuddering]
I want a man
unlike all other men.
My brother,
my equal.
I'll take you...
by this beautiful,
white, dead hand and lead you
to my bed right now.
I'll bleed for you.
I'll love you...
for your sadness...
and your poetry
and your passion
and your rage
and your infinite,
luxurious ugliness.
I'll lick your sins away.
[Mr. Clare panting]
And when Victor comes home...
we'll put our hands
around his throat together...
and watch him die.
And then this will be
our home.
And then?
What then, undead thing?
We were created to rule,
my love.
And the blood of mankind
will water our garden.
Us and our kin...
and our children,
and our generations.
We are the conquerors.
We are the pure blood.
We are steel and sinew both.
We are the next 1000 years.
We are the dead.
[panting]
No being...
who ever was...
or ever will be,
shall love you...
like I do.
[Madame Kali] Memory.
It is such a potent force
in our lives.
All of these memento mori...
for one sobering message...
"Remember that you will die."
- What do you want of me?
- You see, darling,
I understand hunting as well.
Though I've never been
to your beloved Africa.
Sometimes you tie a lamb
to lure a lion, don't you?
So all I require of you
is that you...
[mimics sheep bleating]
Why Miss Ives?
Because the Master
desires her.
It's not personal...
it's goods and services.
I supply him
with what he wants,
he supplies me
with what I want.
It's tit for tat, Sir M.
And what does he give you?
No, Malcolm...
us.
Eternal life, eternal beauty.
Such shallow pursuits.
What value do they hold
if we walk always alone?
I've been too much alone...
and this house is... so cold.
But with you,
I've found a kind of elation.
To feel
the old touch of passion.
To yearn.
To be truly human.
My humanity, such as it is,
is colder than this house.
No.
No arrogance or pride.
This is your chance
to live, Malcolm.
Let's bury the past together.
Your wife... your son,
your daughter,
and all my sins as well,
which surely match your own.
Far exceed them.
[sobbing]
I don't want to live alone.
Nor do you.
Take my hand and love me.
We have no one else.
And together
we will walk quietly.
[sniffling]
So quietly.
You know, if I could,
I would tear
that beautiful head
from your shoulders
and laugh all the while.
But if you will let
Miss Ives live,
I will walk with you
to the end of time.
She means so much?
She means all.
It's the one thing
I cannot do.
The Master will have her.
Then when I have played
this game out, my dear...
the lamb will kill the lion.
I suppose
I shouldn't be surprised
at your tiresome obsession
with Miss Ives.
You're so very close
after all.
You knew her
when she was born, didn't you?
- Yes.
- You saw her grow
into the fine young woman
she is?
Yes.
Yeah. You watched her
rather carefully, I'd say.
Did I?
Of course you did.
She was always your favorite.
It's good we care
for our daughters.
Mind her, she stings.
I'll leave you two
to catch up.
One other thing.
Our theme for tonight, yes?
I'll leave you
with a few memories.
Mind them.
They sting too.
[door closes]
[exhales sharply]
[sniffles]
[sighs]
[sobbing]
Oh, Peter.
Peter.
[continues sobbing]
[gasping]
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
♪
Learn the unknown English words
of this movie at www.skeebdo.com